Go in you
You will be fined to sleep in the tea room for five days from today
Reflect on what you have done today
First let dare to blatantly enter the land of fireworks
It's the royal face that has been lost by you
Princess
I'm also a concubine
Let me interview five days at any time
Aren't you heartache?
What is that old saying called?
One pill stone and one scoop of drink
Comfortable in a shabby house
Don't worry about the concubine
This is to give you a chance to be a saint
You gloat?
You saw what happened
I'm really going to investigate the case
Okay, okay.
I'm leaving when I'm looking for flowers and willows
Are we looking for a plausible reason?
Hey, Consort
The princess can explain
You must not leave the woodshed for half a step these five days
This holiday
Leave me to deliver food to the concubine
Ah, do you really have to be so cruel?
Love sage
Farewell
Pay my grandfather something big happened
Come with me!
What do I spend myself